## EthBuilderes.NYC: Unlock Protocol + ERC 721 - Julien Genestoux

[Unlock Protocol](https://unlock-protocol.com/)

"Create locks and place them anywhere you’d like to lock content. Users can purchase memberships as NFT keys that grant access to content, tickets and anything else you’d like to monetize."

### About Julien Genestoux

[Blog](https://www.ouvre-boite.com/)

Previously worked at Medium

- "Why do you pay for this" => Community gating appeal

Got into blockchain

- Appeal of "unstoppable" systems via decentralization
- Governable - no single person holds the keys. Ability to co-own/co-manage protocols

### Membership gating

"ERC20 was not the right approach"

NFT was. (ERC 721)

### Use cases

Gating music (only show 30s preview)

Try it here:
zplit.online/xdai/

Can click "unlock" to connect wallter and send 1 xdai (+small gas fees) to unlock full song

- Expiry time is required property on NFT "Valid until" (can set to 1 million years...)
- Benefit: "Timesharing" - can split membership among friends (5 hours you own => 1hr each to 5 friends)
- Lending possible (keep NFT while letting someone else use it temporarily)
- Owner + Manager can be different people. Manager has right to transfer NFT.

- Comes with hooks - can trigger functions on events (ex: bump the price on every membershi; first 10 NFTs are 5 p)

- Can chose two ways to issue tokens: by purchase or

Roles:

- Owner
- Manager
- Purchaser

Purchaser can purchase on behalf of someone else. They can pay with fiat (credit card) and become the owner of the NFT after the purchaser ()

Unlock Inc. purchases NFT on their behalf as O

### Use cases Juelien would like to see

- Games: pay monthly subscription to

## Q&A

- Q: use case for DAO membership
- Are all Unlocked tokens requiring expiry
- Opensea doesn't support XDAI
  = roadmap
- Q: What chain?
